Add settings default values initializing (#95)
wintercms/docs: plugin-settings.md

echo Settings::get('is_activated', true);
```

<a name="initializing-default-values"></a>
### Initializing default values

> The settings model has the `initSettingsData` method to initialize default values. This method will be called to fulfill default values if you never submitted the [settings configuration form](#backend-pages):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide default values for settings just implement the `initSettingsData()` method; which will be called when instantiating the Settings model instance. These default values will be used when there are no values in the database for the settings. See below for an example implementation:
```

> In order to provide default values for settings just implement the `initSettingsData()` method; which will be called when instantiating the Settings model instance. These default values will be used when there are no values in the database for the settings. See below for an example implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide default values for settings just implement the `initSettingsData()` method; which will be called when instantiating the Settings model instance. These default values will be used when there are no values in the database for the settings. See below for an example implementation:

```
